He has a large mass in his left lung and and smaller lesions in his right.
He died suddenly at age 70 just like your hubby and we were all worried about her.
I've had mine explained each time it's done and they show me on a computer screen exactly what they're talking about.
Sound more like a bully move to me.
The tumor was on left lung, in lymph nodes, in lung and wrapped around aorta artery.
My class is going to be stoked when I tell them.
Will you take anything for the anxiety going into this next round?
I had Danny look and he can't see the bone either.
Her lungs were so full of fluid even her scans were unreadable.
I pray all goes well and very successful!
Talk with your primary care doc for a little help till your busy life settles down.
She was so sick that I had to call a rescue to get her to the hospital.
My last surgery wasn't until 1:00 and the surgeon was delayed so it was really about 2:00!
Comes in a bag that has 12 individual snacks inside.
I wish you a wonderful holiday season and beyond.
I always have all of you in my prayers but I will say an extra one for this special man in your life.
They can do amazing things now with reconstruction.
I have to travel an hour and a half to see him, but it is well worth the trip.
I know what you mean by the funny looks I got from coworkers.
It really makes me happy if I can share my photos and bring some pleasure to folks.
My mom was diagnosed with breast cancer yesterday.
I deal with it on a daily basis and watch as his confusion grows and strength leaves his body.
Your right about doing your part in the hospital, wow what a difference it made to speak up, on his behalf.
Anyway, just wondering if anyone else has experienced this sympton.
remembering things seriiously damn chemo brain!!
The urologist wants me to have x rays of my kidneys bacause we haven't done those in awhile.
Hello all, I found this site and recently registered.. What a wonderful site full of compassion and information.
I am so sorry you have to so though all this.
It never got worse and is still about the same.
It's OK to lean on us, so that we can help to hold you up, support you.
During the healing process you need to eat a well balanced diet.
I saw her a just before she started chemo but couldn't see her for the holidays.
yes my neck face very dry very itchy like sandpaper use alot of moisterizer.
I know how terrible this damn disease is but keep the battle and I know I and many others are praying hard for you.
she is so weak and shaky, we have to crush her pills for her to swallow and has thrush down her throat.
same thing eat chocolate first , Enjoy!
Dr. Sugar is the dr that created this type of surgery.
Both parents smoked, I just lost my father last April to lung cancer.
Congrats on some good news and thanks for sharing!
sucking on ice also helps with mouth sores!
You were treated for what was presented to them.
To help with scalp soreness, I've been using cocoa butter soap on my head.
He is my rock, my strength, my shelter, my life.
Oh well, welcome number 1, or is number 2?
But it sounds like you're one heckuva strong lady
I will pray the clinical trial comes through and starts to shrink those terrible tumors that causing you so much pain.
I had a shower and a two hour nap this afternoon in my own bed.
We also have a right to have joy!
I knew from the very beginning this wasnt good.
Never had back pain before in my life (I'm 53).
Cancer left untreated will not allow me to do that.
After a couple of scans and a biospy, she beagn treat in early April.
Thanks for the hug Claudia, it worked :)
Just takin it day by day and sometimes hour by hour.
Truth be told, I have never even watched a movie in our DVD player, I don't know how!
I hope you are feeling better after your meltdown.
I am a big believer in being pro active in your options.
When my eyelashes grew back I lost them again and again.
Any comments from folks who have been through this would be appreciated.
I would be interested in talking about dealing with it.
I know how painful mouth sores can be...
Treat us like guinea pigs in a lab.
My dad is in southern California receiving treatment from a local medical group.
Please focus and take care of  yourself, you just back from the surgery, and need rest.
You are right, the sooner you get started, the sooner you will be finished with chemo and we will all celebrate with you!
This month it's more like 15 minutes for a mile.
Thanks for all your comments and well wishes.
But that is something you will have to work out yourself.
Anyone had lung surgery ,either lobe or wedge?
I have both loritab and ibuprofen, but neither seem to make that particular pain go away.
I had a bad bout of bronchitis in February and finally went in to see if I could possibly have pneumonia.
Love you all, let us remember her here with stories of her fellowship.
They have had a lot of success with many health issues including cancer.
Before this week, I was sometimes actually able to have moments, and later hours of joy, forgetting about this monster.
I am so very sorry to hear about your mother.
Congradulations ,  You did it,  Go out and enjoy life, again.
My fever has come down some to 99 but my ribs still hurt a lot.
I'm so scared and nervous for my son.
i'm sorry the lab results and pain aretroublesome for you.
it dont even seem like he's really gone.
It helps to know that people care and understand.
A few weeks ago I got ill, very ill.
You were very lucky to catch it early.
Taxol sucks, there's just no way around it.
Thinking of yu and crossing everyhting etc as suggested.
I had been going bald or with my stubbles since day one when I was at home.
I honestly don't know what to tell him, because I know how difficult it is to keep having set backs.
When I awaken with the HF, I am not only sweaty but quite anxious , like I've been having a bad dream.
Just wanted you to know that we are thinkin of you.
So we are playing the wait and see what happens.
But i still don't know i am not there yet but almost!
However I don't want pneumonia again so I will look into that, thanks.
It is DEFINATELY ok to feel sad, overwhelmed, mad
Yesterday her heart rate dropped very low twice.
He tried everything doctors suggested and never gave up on life.
How very strong your friend must have been to endure all that in one month.
I use boost as a good source of nutrition.
Thank you again for representing all of us in such an important, inspirational way!
You look beautiful and your hair looks good, too.
So like you will be, I was rescanned on 8-2010 and the nodule had grown to 11mm.
We've all been worried and thinking of her a LOT.
Did 6 courses of Taxol and Carboplatin, rough chemo.
I am on Tarceva and am also interested in any discussion re this drug.
You should really get another opinion or switch to another oncologist who will fight no matter what to recover.
I pray that she gets better hour by hour!
I wish you didn't have to go through this again.
Hi, welcome back and congrats on all your good news.
Will be thinking strong positive thoughts your way.
I know I wanted a magic wand to suddenly appear and whisk the cancer away both times I was diagnosed.
You will be in my thoughts and prayers.
wow so great to hear you are feeling well.
Wishing you a wonderful birthday tomorrow, filled with the people and things you love.
Shucks, I'm not even supposed to use a disposable razor to shave.
I didn't want to be seen as a cancer patient there.
Our family is a bunch of fighters and very strong.
I hate that you are battling mouth sores!
Hi, I had surgury Oct 30th 2015 on lower left lobectomy.
Never happened but you know how your mind will make things be true.
It was all overlooked by the doctors for months.
Hopefully, they'll come up with something better by then.
